minor corrections to Autocapture docs (#1758)
mixpanel/docs: pages/docs/tracking-methods/sdks/javascript.mdx

On Autocapture events, Mixpanel default-tracks the following properties:
| Event Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `$event_type` | The type of DOM event that was captured (e.g., "click", "submit"). |
| `$host` | The hostname of the webpage where the event was triggered (e.g., `example.com`). |
| `$pathname` | The path portion of the URL where the event occurred (e.g., `/checkout`). |
| `$elements` | A list of elements that were involved in the event, useful for understanding element context. |
| `$target` | The specific HTML element that triggered the event (e.g., a button or link). |

> | `$el_attr__href` | The href attribute of the target element if it is a link (`<a>` tag). |

Author: @abraibrai these are the raw prop names, but do the docs give the text anywhere of how these actually appear in the UI? e.g. this one would be
```suggestion
| `[Auto] Link target` | The href attribute of the target element if it is a link (`<a>` tag). |
```

Reviewer: nice cleanups -- and good call on the UI names, can do those later today
